---
sidebar_position: 14
---

# 4 Ways to grow your Developer Audience - as a DevRel

How can a DevRel professional connect with developers, grow their audience, and do this efficiently?

Big shout-out to Tair on Twitter for suggesting this topic!

Let's dive into four effective strategies:

1. Build a Community:

Developers thrive in collaborative environments. Creating a forum, a Slack group, or a Discord channel where they can engage, learn, and share ideas is a fantastic starting point.

Building a community isn't a walk in the park - it takes time and dedication. The key is to foster a welcoming environment, spark engaging discussions, and maintain a consistent presence.

2. Create Content:

Content is king, and developers are always eager to learn. Regularly sharing quality content is an effective way to attract and retain your audience.

Wondering what kind of content to create?

How about technical blogs or video tutorials? I have a series where I code in various languages and blog posts that supplement those videos. Remember, there's always something new to learn and share in the tech world.

Hosting webinars or live coding sessions is another great idea. Trust me, running into bugs and troubleshooting in real time is all part of the authentic developer experience!

Sharing resources, documentation, or guides can be incredibly useful. For instance, I've created the documentation for daily dev, and it's been a big hit. I also curate a collection of free resources on various topics – like the 'free web3 resources' GitHub repository: https://github.com/FrancescoXX/free-Web3-resources


3. Be Present at Developer Events:

Nothing beats face-to-face interactions. Attending meetups, hackathons, and conferences is a brilliant way to connect with developers, understand their needs, and showcase your product.

I have a busy schedule with several events this year, and I can't wait to share my experiences with you all. Digital platforms are great, but in-person events bring a different level of connection.

4. Provide a Feedback Channel:

Finally, providing excellent support and having a robust feedback mechanism is crucial. Developers appreciate clear, concise, and timely support. For example, I use Twitter, and on daily dev, you can provide feedback directly in the app.

There you have four strategies to connect with and grow your developer audience. 

Being a DevRel is all about building relationships and trust. 

Best of luck, and I can't wait to hear about your successes!

Link: https://youtu.be/WnaYRafLOmc

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/WnaYRafLOmc" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" allowfullscreen></iframe>